hey
[Music]
elijah and cole
marshall and i were living with their
people till recently
we lost the village
but needed to die
and negan was our best chance
you're gonna pick up maggie's people
right
yeah
i want to come with you keep an eye out
for connie
[Music]
they're out here we don't know that
it's the reapers
what's a reaper
people who attacked our home came out of
nowhere
this is a lot
but you're not alone
you and me
daryl
everyone stand down
daryl she's with ours
you know who did it
you're goddamn reapers they're in these
woods
[Music]
we attacked our home
killed my friends our family
we did nothing to you
get down
hey mom
this is home sweet home
coming
sean how's the kids
i don't know
daryl just give him more time she ain't
ready yet darryl it's been two years how
long do you plan to stay out here
[Music]
she lived here
that's a long time ago
you gonna kill me
should i
and what are you doing out here on my
land
my name is daryl
[Music]
he likes you
he's just a dog you don't know any
better
well be careful out there
dog inside
this frost nip
i had it before ain't no big deal
come on
matthew
was my son
but i didn't give birth to him but he
was mine
[Music]
where do you belong darryl
out there in the river
looking for your dead brother day after
day after day or do you belong here with
me
[Music]
she just left me
nah
i walked away you didn't walk away daryl
i did i'm sorry for connie
so you made it my problem your only
problem is thinking you have to save
everybody
[Music]
just do what they say
our armored chaperones are making
frequent checks on these vicinities what
are you doing
i spoke with stephanie for many many
weeks her good character is evident
which can't be an anomaly among her
people
are we going
walk
let's start with your name your name
princess
start with the one you're worried about
what's her name
[ __ ] i want to see her
any idea where the others are they're
gone i don't know
it was
just
your boss said she was getting help is
she why wouldn't she be then tell me
where she is i don't know she's probably
with one of the medics are you listening
so new that rifle isn't even loaded
[Music]
i'm not crazy if that's what you're
thinking what if i answer your boss's
questions
call but you heard my boss you answer
you see them you can believe them or not
your names are eugene
umiko
and ezekiel
didn't have to be hard
someone can i see my friends
right now
i got it let's go
[Music]
let's move things over at least kind of
get the ball rolling
i see you went ahead and moved me in but
given our less recent history
it's better than you deserve little big
little pig
let me get
i want to see her
i need to see her
we don't have don't have to be fighting
anymore he was wrong
[Music]
my wife
she has cancer she needs that wondering
if she's ever gonna get
her next treatment i've been tracking
him for weeks
i found him i don't know
happy guys
drop your guns i don't want to shoot him
but i will
my name okay negan
i'm franklin
trying to rob a bunch of doctors with an
empty gun
my wife has cancer you taught yourself
how to give someone chemotherapy
you could say that
you're everything i hope for
your everything i need
is you
oh
so beautiful
a happy anniversary
i mean
do you actually know what day where did
you get this okay no no no no
[Music]
we're looking for this group of doctors
to travel around a mobile clinic i sat
down with him he showed me his map these
doctors they take the same route every
time they make the same stops
that you did not spend 600 on this happy
days [ __ ]
he loved that job he loved working with
those kids yeah and then he beat a guy
up and he put him in the hospital
early on a lot of times with this one
i've got cancer you knew about janine
about me and her you knew this whole
time
i want you to know that you made up for
it
one of you really want to help me
and just stay
no
we are not giving up
we had it all
everything on your list
here take this
this is the bed you hit me with damn
girl
what about security
security is light it is a guy his
daughter
[Music]
oh
what the hell's going on out there
you know last time we did this you said
that i talked to you you know i never
killed a man before tonight
you know when people get so angry they
say they see red
now when i see red
it's just the question of what i am
capable of
this is for not
killing me
i'm sorry that you went out i am sorry
that i named a stupid baseball bat after
you
if you stay here she will kill you
i just didn't want your death on my
conscience
[Music]
you